Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a 2017 American
psychological horror-thriller film titled
Gerald’s Game.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
It is a sunny day for a trip from Portland
to Alabama.
On the car, a hit from Sam Cooke in 1975 is
playing.
A woman named Jessie turns the stereo off.
Her husband, Gerald, asks if she wants to
switch to another song, but Jessie just wanted
to breathe in the scenery.
Gerald naughtily glides his hands up Jessie's
skirts, but she takes it from her legs and
kisses it tenderly.
Gerald enters a curve in the middle of the
woods while Jessie is fidgeting.
Jessie gets a sight of a dog in the middle
of the road and warns Gerald, who stopped
abruptly.
Jessie concludes that the dog is starving
as it was eating a dead rodent.
Gerald blows a long, loud horn to scare him
away from the road.
Gerald continues driving after clearing the
stray dog off their way.
Their red car arrives at a house near a lake.
After getting off their vehicle, Gerald receives
a call from his firm's assistant.
Jessie takes a joyful stroll to the lakeside
around the house.
Gerald is really prepared for the trip, so
Jessie is absolutely delighted that there
was enough food in the fridge for the weekend.
She sees a pack of meat and slices it.
After a while, Jessie sits and whistles in
the front yard to call the stray dog that
they encountered earlier.
While she is waiting outside, Gerald takes
a blue pill of viagra in their room.
The stray dog appears from the woods.
Jessie leaves the platter of meat in front
of him, still keeping eye contact to pet him.
The dog almost eats the food, but Gerald appears
from behind her.
Gerald carefully tells her how expensive the
meat was, but he figured that Jessie's kind
heart would still give it away even though
there were only four slices in the fridge.
Jessie tries to take the plate from the floor
of the road, but Gerald tells her that it
could be the best meat the dog will ever have
and leaves it for the dog to take.
The couple gets inside and leaves the main
door open.
Alone in the room, Jessie takes on her new
silk nightwear and positions herself awkwardly
in the bed.
She gives a signal to Gerald that she was
ready.
Gerald walks in with a pair of handcuffs and
draws closer to kiss her.
He pushes her harshly to the bed and naughtily
clicks the cuffs.
He ties her wrists to the pole of the bed.
He starts to sensually kiss her from the neckline
of her silk dress and remarks how he loved
the slip.
When he reached the edge of the bed, he pulls
her ankles to tighten the cuff's hold.
Jessie smiled sinisterly when her husband
halted the foreplay.
Gerald goes to the sink and drinks another
pill of viagra.
After drinking, Gerald starts changing his
character.
He is now reenacting his long-desired fantasy
as a sex offender.
He clears away the pillows from her head.
Like a sex offender, he warns her that there
is no way anybody could hear her from miles
away.
Jessie is panicking internally and calls out
his name to stop his fantasy.
But Gerald denies that he is her husband,
and she would never know the his name.
He asks her to beg for help.
Jessie laughs lightly to calm herself down
and signal him that she was feeling uncomfortable
with his fantasy.
Gerald asks her to cooperate to make his fantasy
feel real, but she admits that she feels weird.
He leans to kiss her, trying to ease her fear
away.
When he lowered down his kisses, Jessie screams
for help, finally playing his fantasy.
He bites her breast, which made her gasp in
pain.
He apologizes but proceeds to close her mouth
with his hands.
Jessie stops him as pain and fear are already
taking over her.
Her aggressive husband gets more aggressive,
concluding that her discomfort and resistance
are still part of their roleplay.
He kneels to grind into her and calls himself
her daddy.
Something inside Jessie snapped.
She shouts angrily to stop him and orders
him to uncuff her, but Gerald still thinks
she is toying with him.
She was lost entirely in frustration, but
Gerald still argues that they were taking
the vacation to add spice to their marriage.
She tears up and admits that she was trying
to go with his flow, but it isn't working.
She wonders if a kinky bedroom is all he ever
wanted now that they have reached such age.
She reminds him that Gerald did not touch
her for several months until she gave him
permission to play perverted games.
Jessie realizes that his fantasy for ravishment
is the reason why he lost pleasure and interest
in her for months.
She begs him to unlock the handcuffs because
it will never be the saviour of their marriage.
Gerald challenges her that he won't open them
while breathing heavily.
He promises that he will be sweet this time
around and straightens her body in the bed
again.
He leans down, whispering that he will be
doing it sweetly now.
Knowing that he can't be stopped, she bites
him squarely in the lips.
The mad Gerald rises up, questioning where
did their marriage go wrong.
He holds his left shoulder and loses his focus.
Gerald gasps, still looking for support.
Jessie calls out his name while Gerald is
trembling silently.
He collapses above her, restraining her from
figuring out what is happening to her husband.
Thinking that he might be scaring her for
not cooperating with his fantasy, she pushes
his dead weight with her legs.
She manages to take him off with her right
foot, but Gerald's open eyes are not moving
at all, and the veins in his forehead are
bulging.
Without much control, she lets him go to the
edge of the bed, but his body rolled helplessly
on the floor.
She sits to acquire more view of the floor
where he rolled, begging and screaming at
him to wake up.
She struggles to unlink her cuffs from the
pole, but to no avail, she just sat there
crying to him that it sounds more realistic
now.
She begs him to come back to the bed to do
anything he wants with her, but her dead husband
is still motionless.
She starts screaming for help.
The dusk has come, and the shadows started
taking over the sunlight.
Jessie is getting hoarse from shouting.
She finds a little hope after hearing a rustling
sound outside.
Silently entering the bedroom door was the
stray dog.
She talks to him in despair, hoping that he
would call for rescue in the woods.
So much to her disappointment, the dog makes
a tentative move towards Gerald's body.
Jessie tries to shoo him away as the dog's
tongue glides to lick Gerald's arm.
The dog steps back for a brief while but returns
to sniff it.
With its scavenging senses, the dog manages
to bite and wound Gerald's arm.
Jessie gets a hold of a thin book and throws
it towards the dog.
Jessie cries as the dog backs out to the door.
Now with a clear view of the piece of her
husband's skin in the dog's mouth, she moans
and wails in disgust and sorrow.
She hides her face away while the dog is ripping
the meat with its fangs.
When she looked up, Gerald is already trying
to set himself erect from the floor.
Jessie thankfully mutters that he was alive
and asks him to uncuff her.
Gerald is holding his right arm with his left
hand and points that his wound was caused
by the dog she fed earlier.
Jessie catches sight of Gerald's figure still
on the floor.
She looks back astounded at her husband, who
was back on his feet, blaming her that she
was the one who fed the dog.
With his wounded arm, he moves around her
vision.
He remarks how she just sat there for hours,
even though his corpse was on the floor.
Like the lawyer he was, Gerald concludes that
Jessie is just having a mental breakdown after
seeing that a dog just started feasting on
his corpse.
He keeps going back to the punchline, saying
Jessie is just an unplugged life support system
charging low while time is ticking by.
Gerald leans beside her, leading her questions
to calculate how much time has gone by, and
soon after, one more figure of Gerald starts
appearing in her window.
The two faces remind her in a chorus that
she has wasted five long hours doing nothing
but scream for help to neighbours who are
a long-distance away.
The faces are gone for a while, and she looks
over the busy dog at the door and the phone
over the bedside table on her right.
Gerald warns her that no matter how hard she'd
break her wrist, the cuffs are never going
to let her go.
Surprisingly, Jessie manages to pull her right
wrist out of the cuff.
She stands to the left side of the bed and
struggles to break free from the pole.
When the bar cracked successfully, Jessie
walks to the door and proudly tells Gerald
that it was easy.
But breaking free isn't that easy, and the
image of Jessie breaking free from the cuff
isn't real.
Gerald tells the chained Jessie that her hands
won't fit the cuffs, and the poles are reinforced.
Her animated self draws to the bed's edge,
telling her never to listen because her condescending
husband is always the reason she is in deep
trouble.
Her inner self belittles his mighty tiny genitalia,
but Jessie retorts that she was chained to
the bed no matter what she says.
She warns her that if Jessie just runs away
and hallucinate in denial and panic, she will
die.
She reminds Jessie that somebody else had
placed Jessie in chains before Gerald did.
Gerald curiously asks who it was, but Jessie
dismisses him with her deep breathing.
Jessie storms off until the shadows of the
sun disappear.
When it was finally dark, Jessie stretches
her legs out to reach for the phone, but Gerald
stops her because it wasn't charged anyway.
The inner Jessie retorts that Gerald didn't
even do a load of laundry during their marriage.
It was an arduous struggle getting her foot
to the phone, so her inner self suggests that
she should live long enough to let people
know that she needs help.
The dog is still savouring Gerald's meat on
the floor.
She moans in disgust and hunger, as she can't
remember the taste of her last meal and beverage.
Her head was throbbing in pain when Gerald
appeared beside her.
He dares her how long she can hold without
water and food.
It's been seven hours since she last drank
water.
To match her husband's audacity, Jessie looks
over his viagra pills in despair and reminds
him about his erectile dysfunction.
Gerald recalls how soft it was in a casual
bedroom tone and how it went into a hard pet
with just a hint of dominance and extreme
kink.
Since then, Jessie wondered who her husband
really was after knowing his dirty little
secret.
Her inner voice, though, insists that she
loved that he took those little blue pills.
She asks Gerald to take one to prove her right.
Gerald drinks a drug and walks close to leave
a glass of water on the shelf above the headrest.
It was a trigger.
Gerald had always been thirsty ever since
he started taking the viagra months ago, and
he always made sure he had water with him
anywhere near the bed.
Jessie shakes the shelf smoothly, with the
slightest control that she has.
She gasps in hope as the glass appears closer
to the edge.
Her sore left wrist lifts the base of the
shelf until the glass slips through the right
edge of the shelf.
Finally, she gets a hold of the glass, but
she can't move it closer to her mouth.
Drops of water have been spilt, so Gerald
is smirking upon her.
Her inner self tells her to put it back to
where she can easily reach it.
She trembles as she follows.
When she knew the water is reserved, the dog
stands and tears another piece of meat from
Gerald's body.
Her inner self consoles her that the dog was
just making a mean to survive, and she should
do the same.
She tells her that she will reunite with Gerald
inside the dog if she doesn't hold long enough.
She agrees with her, but Gerald appears above
her again, complimenting her body in the nightwear.
Her inner voice interrupts and tells her that
it was brand new.
An idea popped into her.
She smiles ridiculously while reaching out
on the shelf overhead for the price tag she
had torn before she got in bed with Gerald.
She singlehandedly rolls it with her left
hand and reaches for the glass of water with
her right hand.
Her idea is successful.
She sips from the glass with her make-shift
straw, but she decides to spare a small volume
for later.
After returning the glass to the overhead
shelf, she finds herself dozing away.
She struggles to close her eyes, with the
glimpse of the dog tearing Gerald's limbs
apart.
Gerald appears on her left, challenging her
that she'll be dead tomorrow if no one finds
her tonight.
Her inner self, though, sympathizes with her
need for strength.
With a more straightforward path to follow,
Jessie leans to her left shoulder and shuts
her eyes.
After a satisfying meal, the stray dog bolts
outside.
In the middle of the night, he starts to bark
from an audible distance.
His bark wakes Jessie up.
Jessie catches sight of a figure.
It was dark at first, but she continues to
discern what it was when it started drawing
closer.
It was a dubious, terrifying figure.
She asks for help regardless of how bizarre
he looks, but he opened a bag of ornaments
and bones instead of giving her a hand.
Seeing what was inside his load, she convinces
herself that the figure isn't real.
When she closed her eyes, Gerald whispers
that she just summoned the silhouette of death,
which he called the Moonlight Man.
Gerald challenges her that the silhouette
was real because the dog went out to avoid
it.
Jessie opens her eyes, and another Gerald
wearing a collared shirt appears from the
farther side of the bed.
He warns that the dog will be back soon to
tear her apart and endears her as Mouse.
Jessie dozes away again.
The 12-year-old Jessie, her younger siblings
and her parents set foot on their family lake
house.
Apparently, her mother hated having her on
their boat trip and insisted to her father
that she does not want her to be on the trip
if Jessie shows no interest to bond with them.
While her mother and younger siblings went
on a boat trip on the lake, Jessie was left
alone at the lakeside with her father.
He gave her an anti-glaring binocular so she
could watch as the solar eclipse unfolds.
It was supposed to be an innocent eclipse
watch with him until he asked her to sit on
his lap, just like what she did when she was
a small kid.
When she willingly sat, her father jerked
himself off until the eclipse was complete.
When she woke up, she winces in pain at how
sore her hands have become.
There were flies around the room, feasting
upon Gerald's remains.
The dog stands up after hearing that she has
woken up.
She screams from the bad cramps.
Her inner voice suggests that she should just
keep pedalling to keep her circulation.
After pedalling, she reaches out for the glass
of water and the straw from the shelf.
Gerald appears beside her, asking her about
the curious bad dream about Mouse.
Jessie defends that her childhood issue is
nowhere near relevant to her marriage with
Gerald.
Her inner voice reiterates that their marriage
only happened because he was just like her
father.
She elaborated to the clueless Gerald that
Jessie was taken fresh and ripe by her father,
and she lived to tolerate all the nights of
Gerald's distance and unfaithfulness, just
like how she put up with her father's assault.
Jessie reveals to the dead Gerald that her
father never touched her carnally, that he
just fantasized about her by touching himself.
But her inner voice confidently uncovers that
her father did something to her in the bedroom.
Jessie admits that she drowned those secrets
long ago in a well, where she saw a woman
in a red dress during the burning eclipse.
Knowing that she won't reveal more, Gerald
teases her to look at the terrifying figure
in the room.
Jessie convinces herself that the figure wasn't
real at all, but there was a bloody footprint
on the floor.
He warns that the Moonlight Man will be back
tonight, and he'll take her wedding ring with
him if she dies.
Jessie warns her inner self and Gerald to
vanish after she finishes counting to ten.
It was the 12-year old Jessie, fidgeting in
front of the mirror.
She takes her sundress off and puts it in
the middle of the bed.
Her father calls her again with that traumatizing
endearment.
Her father sits on the farther edge of the
bed and taps the space beside him.
She was scared, but she chose to follow.
Her father apologizes but orchestrates a scheme
shortly so she would shut her mouth to keep
it a secret from everyone.
The younger Jessie was forced to stay silent
to steer away from her mother's pain and anger.
When he left, Jessie looks over to see the
obscure figure licking her foot.
It was the dog, licking its tongue over Jessie's
foot.
Jessie kicks her foot to shoo him away.
Luckily, the dog backs down and tears Gerald's
limbs instead.
Gerald walks over to her bed again and ridicules
that the dog will be back eventually for a
lump of fresher meat.
It was afternoon again, and Jessie's lips
were already pale and cracked from dehydration
and exhaustion.
Just like the functioning Gerald, he throws
her a dozen of dreadful scenarios again while
she was lying weak and desperate.
Jessie starts singing a lullaby to drown Gerald's
insults.
Before storming off, she catches a glimpse
of her father looking down over her on the
bed.
While the eclipse is burning, the older Jessie
faces a chained younger Jessie in the bedroom.
The younger Jessie reminds her that what happened
after the eclipse is her salvation.
The family was having dinner after the eclipse.
Her mother and younger siblings were back
from the boat trip.
While recounting how the day went, her mother
asked her how the eclipse went in the lakeside
for Jessie.
Her father touched her mother's pregnant belly.
Jessie squeezed her glass too hard that it
made a cut on her palms.
While her father attended to the younger Jessie's
wounds, the older Jessie realizes what she
needs to do.
Her inner voice warns that she must not cut
deep, as she might die.
But she retorts that if she doesn't risk it,
she'll also die of seizures, dehydration,
or the dog.
Without so much strength left, she bids goodbye
to the warped visions in front of her.
She takes the glass and slams it onto the
shelf.
She squeezes her palms around the glasses
left in her grip.
She trembles as she positions the best shard
on the shelf and drags the skin of her wrist
against it.
It was painful, but her plan seems to work.
The blood made her skin slick as oil.
She manages to slip her right wrist off from
the cuff, but the skin was awfully peeled
off.
She pushes the bed to the right side and slips
over so her right leg could reach the phone.
Unfortunately, the phone's battery was running
dead low.
She pulls the pole of the bed to the right
so she could hold her wounded wrist to the
key.
She frantically grasps for the key beside
the canister of viagra.
With her trembling right hand, she clasps
the key to her mouth.
She leans close to unlock herself from the
cuff.
She steps towards the sink and drinks heavily
like it was her first time drinking water.
After drinking, she opens a few drawers for
a bandage but found none.
She finds two menstrual napkins and wraps
them around her wrist.
She gets a blurry sight of where the car key
was, but it was too late.
She collapses on the floor from dehydration
and fatigue.
It was already dark when she woke up.
The dog was grunting while tearing another
piece of Gerald's body.
It was a gut-wrenching mess, which she thought
might be her last scene with her husband.
She drags herself to the cabinet where the
car key was, but she looks back in horror
when the dog barked in the middle of their
dark bedroom.
Just rooms away from her stand the Moonlight
Man.
She takes small dragging steps to hand him
their wedding ring and leaves the room like
she was in a race.
Jessie was steering the wheel of the red car
when Gerald appeared in the dark and bade
her a wave goodbye.
She smiles bitterly and proceeds to drive
through the darkness of the night.
In the middle of her escape from terror, she
dozes off briefly.
She wakes up with the eclipse above.
From the rearview mirror, the moonlight man
smiles from the backseat of the car.
He whispers in her ear, and the car crashes
into a tree.
A nearby house lights up, and some flashlights
are pointing in her direction.
Knowing that men were coming towards her,
she honks and goes out of her car.
Her bloody body collapses before they could
reach her.
Six months later, Jessie writes a letter to
her younger self with her bandaged hand.
She was rescued that night, but she kept her
recollection of trauma from the doctors and
cops.
Gerald's firm hired a coroner who concluded
that his death was due to a cardiac attack.
The paperwork was fixed, and so was her life.
But every night, a disfigured visitor reminds
her of the terror.
Even though he vanishes into the nightlight,
it was still a question why the cops never
found her wedding ring.
To help herself heal, Jessie used some amount
of Gerald's insurance to build a foundation
for victims of carnal assault.
When she thought the ordeal was over, she
reads a piece of news about the Crypt Creeper.
A man named Raymond Joubert is suffering from
Acromegaly and has been strolling around Alabama
to gather male corpses, eat their faces, steal
and keep a bone or some other possessions
as his souvenir.
Jessie could not believe he was real, but
the crime perfectly explains why Gerald's
face was mutilated and why she was left unharmed.
Raymond has also killed a dozen of living
people aside from the dead corpses and keeps
their body parts in jars.
In an afternoon with the eclipse overhead,
the younger Jessie reads the letter while
sitting with the older Jessie.
The letter warns the younger her that the
people who are supposed to protect her from
the monsters turned out to be monsters themselves.
Jessie attends the court for Raymond's sentence.
When she interrupted, Raymond breaks free
from his cuffs and tells her the same lines
she used to mutter when he appeared in the
lake house.
In her head, Jessie sees Raymond as her father,
her husband and as the moonlight man.
She smiles triumphantly and regards him as
much smaller than the frightened Jessie remembers.
She walks out on him like how she bravely
faced all the monsters of her past.